feat(changelog): kubernetes-changed-bumped-linux-kernel-to-620-36 2023-11-14 (#2404)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2023/2023-11-14-kubernetes-changed-bumped-linux-kernel-to-620-36.mdx

---
title: Bumped Linux kernel to 6.2.0-36
status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-11-14
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> Bumped to kernel `6.2.0-36` for worker nodes running Kubernetes version 1.28.x. 
> Default to new nodes; Applied at reboot for existing nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worker nodes running Kubernetes version 1.28.x have been upgraded to kernel version `6.2.0-36`. This change will automatically apply to new nodes and will take effect on existing nodes upon their next reboot.
```
